README.md, before:

# Metadata Exporter

A prometheus exporter that exports metrics about SAML metadata.

## Installation

Install it yourself as:

    $ gem install metadata-exporter

## Packaging

To generate a package for metadata-exporter:

    docker build

Then upload the image to the desired repository.

## Usage

To run the prometheus exporter:

    bundle exec bin/prometheus-metadata-exporter -m METADATA_URL --cas DIRECTORY_OF_CA_CERTIFICATE_FILES

The following metrics are exported:

    - `verify_metadata_expiry`: when the SAML metadata signature expires
    - `verify_metadata_certificate_expiry`: when the given certificate expires
    - `verify_metadata_certificate_ocsp_success`: whether the given certificate passes OCSP

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/metadata-exporter/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Mark repo as archived
Update README.md to mark repo as archived

README.md, after:

# Metadata Exporter

>**GOV.UK Verify has closed**
>
>This repository is out of date and has been archived

A prometheus exporter that exports metrics about SAML metadata.

## Installation

Install it yourself as:

    $ gem install metadata-exporter

## Packaging

To generate a package for metadata-exporter:

    docker build

Then upload the image to the desired repository.

## Usage

To run the prometheus exporter:

    bundle exec bin/prometheus-metadata-exporter -m METADATA_URL --cas DIRECTORY_OF_CA_CERTIFICATE_FILES

The following metrics are exported:

    - `verify_metadata_expiry`: when the SAML metadata signature expires
    - `verify_metadata_certificate_expiry`: when the given certificate expires
    - `verify_metadata_certificate_ocsp_success`: whether the given certificate passes OCSP

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/metadata-exporter/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
